When considering some of my past work experince, there is only one example of having to deal with any kind of data ethics in the work place. I think that most people understand that data ethics is a very important topic, but I think that there is a large portion of people who have never had to deal with statistics in the workplace. I think that the most important thing to remember is that you are dealing with people's data and that you should treat it as such. I can only personally of one time I have had a problem with the data and the ethics and that was removing some of the noise from one of the companies data providers. When reading the paggase from Gelman, lack of comparability between the treatment and control groups, an inability to replicate real-world conditions, or, most commonly, biased and noisy measurements (Gelman, 2018). I think that for a long while the company was using improper, data collection and reporting, that when I was creating a dashboard, they where shocked to see a particular KPI so low. I had everything in a CSV file, and just had to explain to them about the way and the processes I took with data cleaning. After having a simple discussion with them, they understood and where very happy with the results and happy with the fact I was able to help them clean up their data before reporting to the staff. I think that it is important to be clear on you statistcal methods and to be able to explain them to people who may not understand them, and when conducting reports and writing Scientific papers, being able to explain your methods to ensure that you are not being biased or misleading. I think that Data Ethics are very important, especially moving forward with the way that data is being collected and used today. 