What are some potential ethical considerations and societal implications that arise from the use of Natural Language Processing (NLP) technologies? Can you bring examples? Elaborate. 

Some of the ethical considerations that NLP's have is where they get their data from, and how they use other peoples data. For instance, if a company is using NLP to analyze patient data, and the patient has not given consent for their data to be used, then the company is in violation of HIPAA laws. Another ethical consideration is the use of NLP in the hiring process. If a company is using NLP to analyze resumes, and the NLP is biased towards a group of people, then the company is in violation of the EEOC laws. But considering those are very real things, the next one that could be harmful is the use of gathering data from public areas or without peoples concent with hidden microphones or videos of them talking.(Wodecki, 2024) I think that while yes, you are in public and have no expectation of privacy, in my eyes it is wrong to record someones phone call when they are sitting on a park bench where they assume that they are alone, by hiding a microphone under the bench. On the other side of the spectrum, if a person was present and recording the conversation, then the person is visually aware that they are being recorded, and can hang up the phone call or walk away, in which it should be allowed.

References:

Wodecki, B. W. (2024, May 20). Actors sue AI Voice Generator for unauthorized use of their voices. AI Business. https://aibusiness.com/nlp/actors-sue-ai-voice-generator-for-unauthorized-use-of-their-voices